and we will...  Lian were you eating?
#Lian's_snacks
(the islamic greeting )
how are you all , hope you're good
this video is different than the vlogs
how is it different than the vlogs ?
things we shot but not in the vlogs
ok guys, today if god wills we'll be making              #Lian's_ snacks
yay
Lian do you know this place ?
(yo dude!!)
tuooon , yo dude!!
it's the place we shot that video in
ok guys, we arrived at the supermarket
we'll go and buy the ingredients
ready Lian?
Lian: Ready!
ok Lian, we got to the supermarket
and we'll see the things that you'll buy
and first thing we need is
nutella
and the second thing we're going to buy is, biscuits
but Lian didn't find the one she wanted
so she took this one
is one enough?
yes
let's go / ok
and what else do we need?
cream
she's calling you a cream (it's a good thing)
Ok, i believe we have cream back home
ok let's go
Lian: Ok
Lian: Wait! wait!
do you have milk?
milk?
yeah, i have milk in my house
thank god we have all the ingredients, and we're going back homeه
and we'll start #Lian's_snacks
Lian: let's go
and we're back
and we'll need ...
1- Cream
2- Milk
3- Nutella
4- Biscuit
let's start with the first step
Lian: let's start
we need a second plate
we don't need it
the first step
we'll put the nutella with the cream   and mix them
and now we'll put the nutella
that's great Lian
you reminded me of ramadan
do you want to go back?
*time traveling sounds*
is that to much?
did you put to much
oh and mohamad is joining us
he's to shy :(
hey
is that enough?
yeah it is
cool
now we add the cream
and... that's enough
and if we needed more, we'll just add some later
and...mix!!
the second step
we'll pour the milk into the bowl
you don't know how to open this kind, right?
cuz it's an old  carton, right?
yeah
is that ok?
yeah.say in the besm-allah
besm-allah
(it's a muslim thing) :D
*بغهاسايلهالحلالشحلالحلاهعتلخهعبلتبحهتا*
and now what?
now, we'll take the biscuits,  and dip it in the milk
then we'll put it here
now we'll take one biscuit  and dip it here
and then we orgnize it here?
and you'll continue till you cover the plate
ok
ok Lian!!
now we've finished, what will we do in  the next step
we'll cover the biscuits with our mix
let's see
omg Liaaaan!!!
good on you
ok Lian
after we're done
and we poured the mix
now what will we do
w-we we'll make
"i got caught face"
"he thinks he's conan"
Ok,what''re we doing now
uhmm    we need to add another layer of biscuits wiith milk
ok lets start
just like this
great! great!
and now we'll do the same thing
we take the nutella and cream, and out it here
right?!
right!
Lian!,it looks really inviting
and after we're finished with everything, we'll put it in the fridge for,how much?
uhmm half an hour
and now you'll go, and i'll taste it
Lian
hope you get there safe
and i will taste the dish
ok?
i'll tell you how it tastes :)
send it to me on Snapchat
Lian you look sad
where are you going?
to Saudi
ok bye
hope you get there safely
work hard on your studies
ok?
bye
yo Hazaa
i'll miss you
me to
hope you get there safely
salam( can be said as hello or goodbye)
salaaaam
ok guys we're back at the apartment
and now it's time to test it
i have some on this plate
"starts talking to himself"                                                      did you really get this plate
why didn't you get a bigger one
we'll try it ,and say besm-allah
damn it's great
طيب عطنا
*ما شاء الله*
OMG, Lian
thank you a million times
what was the recipe ?
i swear, honestly it's really good
thank you Lian
it's good enough to make later
ok now guys,  this was today's video, it was a short and simple video
befor she left Lian wated to make some snacks
and we did that for her
we stopped the vlogs for a while as you can see, school has started
it's alot of pressure
you'll go to collage and there's homework,you'll go back home do your homewrok
and when you're finished  it's late ,you'll eat dinner and sleep
and the day is over     : l
but in the upcoming days i'll get everything figured out, ensha-allah(another muslim thing)
if you don't have me on Snapchat, i upload daily
even if you added me now you'll see my snaps
in the days i don't upload vlogs in, or if something happened , or if there's something i want to say
you'll see it all in Snapchat
this is my account  toun 16
and this is me on instagram..., we only need 250K to reach 1million
and we will have a millon in instagram
and at the end, this is my twitter account...,  if you want to see it , we post some motivational phrases
and what we say in the vlogs , after each vlog we'll post it here
and thank you to the people who always retweet and like
and lastly, we have a facebook page now
*YAAAY*
becouse there was a lot fake pages and people saying they're me
and i don't have a facebook page
becouse there's a lot of you who use facebook so, this is a new account we made the link is down there
you're all welcome there
ok guys we reached the end of this vlog thank you very much for watching
vlog?    thuonayan, it's obvious you miss the vlogs
we reached the end of this video , you were with Thounayan Khald, always be positive an optimistic
and
the swivel chair
saalam
and now we'll say goodbye to hounayan
Thounayan: bye hazaa.   hazaa: bye.    Thounayan: see you soon
(salam)